1. List 5 topics related to astronomy, physics, technology, science or math that sound interesting
to you.

Five topics within astronomy, physics, technology and math that I would be interested in include nuclear fission,
aerodynamics, astrophysics, chemical thermodynamics, and artificial intelligence.

2. For three of these topics, find a dataset, tool, news article, or paper online that relates to it.
Summarize how each source relates to the topic in your own words.

I was able to find, for the topics of nuclear fission, astrophysics, and chemical thermodynamics the following articles respectively:

Nuclear Fission - Simulation of Nuclear Fission by Phet Interactive Simulations (https://phet.colorado.edu/en/simulations/nuclear-fission)

This website offered a simulation coded in Java that would demonstrate nuclear fission on a molecular level. The simulation started with a user being able to 
fire a nuetron at a nucleus of Uranium-235, and show simultaneously the change potentional energy for the nucleus as it split through an x-y graph. There were
also related simulations showing this same effect on a wider scale in terms of a chain reaction and in a contained space representing a nuclear reactor.
This simulation was a simple very efficent representation of the process of nuclear fission, that being the science of splitting the nuclei of unstable atoms to produce
energy through exothermic reactions.

Astrophysics - Article on the Planetary Motion of Earth (https://eclipse23.com/blogs/eclipse-education/planetary-motion-of-earth?srsltid=AfmBOoqFDOZEUby1xyEk0YiWYeMOwYW2edAOE9oRtNH8N2sqmcZ_3lNB)

This website is basically a deep-dive into the science behind and the further effects of planetary motion between the earth and the sun. It includes short summaries of Kelper's Laws of 
planetary motion, Newton's Laws of Universal Graviation, and why the orbital patterns of planets are elliptical in shape rather than perfect circles. It goes further to explain how 
graviational force creates and effects the seasons of the Earth, the movement of tides, etc. There is even further talk of the Milankovitch cycles, the longer term processes including changes
in Earth's orbit and spacial orientation that directly affect the planet's seasons. This includes the eccentricity cycle, the cycle of change within the earth's orbital pattern over approximately
100,000 years, as well as the obliquity cycle, the pattern of change in the Earth's axial tilt over approximately 41,000 years. This article acts as a thorough introduction to universal graviation, as well as 
the different factors that need to be accounted for when determining planetary motion, such as other objects enforces graviational pull, the extent to which certain formulas can be used for changing orbital patterns, etc.

Chemical Thermodynamics - Concepts of Chemical Reactions and Chemical Thermodynamics (https://chem.libretexts.org/Bookshelves/General_Chemistry/Map%3A_Chemistry_-_The_Central_Science_(Brown_et_al.)/19%3A_Chemical_Thermodynamics)

The article listed above includes the basics of thermochemistry, such as the effects on entropy within chemical reactions, free energy and equilibrium constants, and the idea of Gibbs free energy, 
the thermodynamic potential for a chemical reaction based on the current available energy within a system. All of these concepts, and many more, make up the building blocks for understanding how energy
is released during chemical reactions, and what is likely to happen with that energy once it is released. For chemical thermodynamics, this website and the concepts it lists act as a summary of many important concepts in understanding
the physics behind particles, how particles interact with each other due to entropy, and what is needed for different chemical reactions to occur based on the chemicals in play.

3. Choose one topic and brainstorm how you could Python skills (loops, conditionals, functions,
lists/dictionaries, github, version control) to explore, analyze or create something with it.

Using what I know within Python so far, I believe that I could use my skills with loops, functions, lists/dictionaries, etc. to create a program that 
accurately outputs important information regarding a simulated nuclear fission, including a possible physical model to go with it. I believe that this would include
learning both the theoretical physics and applied physics behind nuclear fission, and have the specific purpose of testing simulations for different real-world scenarios,
like an overheating core or large-scale exothermic reaction from nuclear fission. This would be similar to the simulation that I originally found for nuclear fission during my research, but includes
additional features like a graph representing the change in nuclear radiation surrounding a core, the span of a possible blast of exothermic energy, and so forth.

4. Write down at least two possible project ideas connected to your topic. One should be
ambitious (a “dream” version) and the other should be smaller, simpler version that you
could realistically finish in a few weeks

Ambitious Dream:
A joint program and simulation that can be used to demonstrate errors in nuclear fission by showing what were to happen if a nuclear core were to explode. 
This would include such outputs as blast radius, levels of radiation, and the duration of the effects from an exothermic blast. I see this project basically being a test 
for a nuclear reactor under different circumstances for the chemicals involves, the size parameters, etc.

Simpler Version:
A similar program to the ambitious dream, but with not as complex of a model to go with it. Instead of showing the possible blast over time in an x-y graph, maybe just
showing a visual representation for how large it would be while scaling the size of said blast. It would still include outputs about the radiation levels and energy produced, but maybe in more simple scenarios.